---
title: Introduction
description: 'Full stack Nuxt application.'
head:
  title: 'Pergel - Oku'
  description: 'Pergel is a full stack Nuxt application.'
---

# Introduction

The beginning of every new project in the software world is determined by the steps taken with care and success depends on taking these steps with great care. With this belief, we set out to offer unique and functional solutions in the software world and named our journey "Pergel".

(/pergel/, compass in Turkish)


- [Pergel Github Repository](https://github.com/oku-ui/pergel)

# Prerequisites

Before installing Pergel on linux or macOS, you must make sure you’ve downloaded all required installation files and elements.

To install Pergel you just need to install curl.

## Install Curl

[Curl](os/programs/curl) comes installed on both Ubuntu (or other Debian-based distributions) and macOS. However, if you need to check if it is installed, you can verify by running `curl --version`.

If you do not have curl installed, you can install it using the following command:

::code-group

```sh [linux]
sudo apt update
sudo apt install curl
```

```sh [macOS]
brew install curl

```
::

When finished, curl should be successfully installed. You can verify by running `curl --version` again.

> If homebrew is not installed for macOS, you can install it using the command below:

::code-group

```sh [macOS]
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"
```
::

---

# How to Install Pergel

There are 2 options to install Pergel. One with curl and the other with package management tools.

### Method 1: Install with Curl

::code-group

```sh [linux]
curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/oku-ui/pergel/main/install/ubuntu.sh | sh
```

```bash [macOS]
soon

```
::


### Method 2: Install with Package Manager

::code-group

```sh [pnpm]
pnpm i -g pergel
```

```bash [yarn]
yarn add -g pergel

```

```bash [npm]
npm install -g pergel
```
::

## Upgrade

::code-group

```sh [sh]
pergel upgrade
```
::


::custom-link
---
items:
  - title: 'Installation'
    icon: 'i-ph-hammer-bold'
    to: '/primitives/getting-started/installation'
    description: 'Learn how to install Primitives in your project.'
---
::

## Operating system 

The operating system is a collection of the basic instructions that tell the electronic parts of the computer what to do and how to work. Free, open source, and secure.

::custom-link
---
items:
  - title: 'Linux'
    icon: 'i-logos-linux-tux'
    to: '/pergel/os/linux'
    description: 'A vertical stack of interactive headings used to toggle the visibility of their associated content.'
  - title: 'MacOS'
    icon: 'i-logos-apple'
    to: '/pergel/os/macos'
    description: 'A vertical stack of interactive headings used to toggle the visibility of their associated content.'
---
::


## Credits

- 

## Community

### Discord

To get involved with the Oku community, ask questions, and share tips, join our Discord.

[Join our Discord](https://chat.productdevbook.com)

### Twitter

To receive updates on new primitives, announcements, blog posts, and general Oku tips, follow along on Twitter.

[Follow Oku on Twitter](https://twitter.com/oku_ui)

### GitHub

To file issues, request features, and contribute, check out our GitHub.

[GitHub repo](https://github.com/oku-ui/pergel)

[Code of conduct](https://github.com/oku-ui/pergel/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)